the base doctor before the end of health
in this process he knows what he develops and it is a message for all of you
rocchia
a mentality of progress
I would bring earlier
I invented and when they act on those decisions
guillén efe
valley of Aran
if not
a Christian does not like the left sacrificial clue has criticized
the balance
people asked
madrid bees
the technician has the black win
alinghi
here the people if it is flu is the time towards the sun and fly towards the show
after the shooting
because you know it's not nature
buenos aires takes the decision
dt leonel different task but transformation process comes to eta peace and
when it becomes completely foreign, it enters again in the hot winds
that come
and when the 7 are suddenly
apple tree macri after 150 days
while dani laviana
vizio support bin laden
its feathers are important
the mult
catchy
to her and her ex-husband the girl
if he did it was an expected decision
I want to express the winners
There are those who believe that decree does not allow
the measures
before these casualties
breathe
associated with the assault
to
castellanos
to sell a tour in the heights juanan
the man told him
odeh here
look
everything is in the spirit
to the heights you can wait for your future
terra clio valparaiso
that does not advance in retreat
release what is going to happen
the morning in this one
because you are a person that God invites you to criteria and suez
I had here
the lifting of the measure
chiapas vs
flowers you
the variation of
missed time
every week that comes
Nuevo Laredo
Algiers
the permanent and god wants to take me over
of any human limitation
I will fly
where is Christ
the fountain
in exhaustible
I heard
I give him freedom
to the rooms
of the spirit
they declared it was round and freedom
no to the rooms
pnl which is
I will allow it
that you destroy me from below
I will not let myself get married
for my enemies
for what it sells added
djokovic
to the heights my destiny
the heights raise your hand levantá had a year
mrc
Christ said
you are from below
I am from above
you are from the earth I am from the type the sky
the one that is rival arena above all what is
mostly saez
the one that is of the earth
think the things of the earth plus the ones that were done in the things above
of the things of the desert
beloved christ gave us two said
and the word tells us that just as he is we we must do so beloved
the natural or the bottom will always fight against the spiritual against the above
I do not know if it is established that whoever presents our citizenship is in
true barreto rooms
barroom room
look at it altoagonesa christ
and design according to the note
today the Lord returns you
the lost forces
all this is the day of your transformation of your life
personal between amate moreal is a day of renewal in the holy spirit such
Once you are tired you may have lost the vision of the eagle
such ideas lost the elbow
so you will be heard this morning will make sense to elevate art
because you know you know
which has purposes
that God has good purposes for you and has high purposes
vigay cano miserables of miserable latino or be the funniest of
height
such orders without power
without spiritual energy maybe I am president but a spiritual vision
you lost your vision
more and more lost the skill
that sense
and feel
even that you are no longer pleasing
but this comes from living tied the carnal and natural
but hey
the gentleman who says
in such a situation reached
multiply the forces to which he has none the boys are fatigued and
tired young people falter and every year but
What is Tehran in the frown
endara
well this year
new forces
I will raise
all the eagles
raising rooms like saliva
that will not tire
will walk
and not her brother